README.md, before:

# Mad Grid

Publishing on Google Play soon.

## About

Mad Grid is a visual sequence memory game originally inspired by [Human Benchmark](https://humanbenchmark.com/).
The game consists of a 2×2 grid, which displays a randomly generated sequence to be perfectly replicated by the user.
The game becomes progressively more difficult as the length of the sequence increments in each level.

## Features

Mad Grid consists of three game modes:
- Classic: the sequence simply increments by one following the successful completion of each level.
- Reverse: similar to Classic mode, but the user is required to replicate the sequence in reverse order.
- Messy: similar to Classic mode, but an entirely new sequence is generated following the successful completion of each level.

Additionally, there is a guide page providing text descriptions and a video demonstration for each mode.

## Screenshots

[<img src="/readme/screenshot_game.png" align="left" height="400" hspace="10" vspace="10">](/readme/screenshot_game.png)

[<img src="/readme/screenshot_guide.png" align="center" height="400" hspace="10" vspace="10">](/readme/screenshot_guide.png)

## Permissions & Privacy

This app does not require any special permissions and no personal user data is collected.
The app uses output devices only for audio (background music & sound effects).

Commit message:

Added new screenshots and attributions to README.md

README.md, after:

# Mad Grid

Publishing on Google Play soon.

## About

Mad Grid is a visual sequence memory game originally inspired by [Human Benchmark](https://humanbenchmark.com/).
The game consists of a 2×2 grid, which displays a randomly generated sequence to be perfectly replicated by the user.
The game becomes progressively more difficult as the length of the sequence increments in each level.

## Features

Mad Grid consists of three game modes:
- Classic: the sequence simply increments by one following the successful completion of each level.
- Reverse: similar to Classic mode, but the user is required to replicate the sequence in reverse order.
- Messy: similar to Classic mode, but an entirely new sequence is generated following the successful completion of each level.

Additional features include:
- Guide page providing text descriptions and a video demonstration for each mode.
- Adjustable sequence display speed (1.0x, 1.5x, 2.0x, 2.5x).

## Screenshots

[<img src="/readme/screenshot_game.png" align="left" height="400" hspace="10" vspace="10">](/readme/screenshot_game.png)

[<img src="/readme/screenshot_guide.png" align="center" height="400" hspace="10" vspace="10">](/readme/screenshot_guide.png)

## Permissions & Privacy

This app does not require any special permissions and no personal user data is collected.
The app uses output devices only for audio (background music & sound effects).

## Attributions

Icon Images:
- <a target="_blank" href="https://icons8.com/icon/16GEnHnaaLPk/grid-2">Grid 2</a> icon by <a target="_blank" href="https://icons8.com">Icons8</a> Grid 2 icon by Icons8
- <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/music-tune" target="_blank">Music Tune Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/jemismali">Jemis Mali</a> on <a href="https://iconscout.com">IconScout</a>
- <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/audio" target="_blank">Audio Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/AmruID">Amru ID</a> on <a href="https://iconscout.com">IconScout</a>
- <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/speed-optimization" target="_blank">Speed Optimization Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/minimo">Neelpari Minimo</a> on <a href="https://iconscout.com">IconScout</a>
- <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/thumb-up" target="_blank">Thumb up Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/google-inc">Google Inc.</a> on <a href="https://iconscout.com">IconScout</a>
- <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/github" target="_blank">Github Logo Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/pixel-icons" target="_blank">Pixel Icons</a>
- <a href="https://iconscout.com/icons/exclamation-mark" target="_blank">Exclamation-mark Icon</a> by <a href="https://iconscout.com/contributors/unicons" target="_blank">Unicons Font</a>

Background images:
- <a href="https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/mobile-wallpaper-with-fluid-shapes_4954397.htm#page=2&position=10&from_view=author">Image by coolvector</a> on Freepik
- <a href="https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/mobile-wallpaper-with-fluid-shapes_4954390.htm#&position=4&from_view=author">Image by coolvector</a> on Freepik
- <a href="https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/gradient-phone-background-with-circular-shapes_4917165.htm#page=2&position=18&from_view=author">Image by coolvector</a> on Freepik
